1204	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/23/donald-trump-jr-compared-refugees-skittles-comedians-response-perfect/	mostly true	" A few days ago, DonaldTrump despicable spawn tweeted out a meme comparing refugees fleeing chlorine gas and napalm in Syria to ?poisoned Skittles,? implying that allowing them to resettle in the United States would lead to increased terrorist attacks. Donald TrumpJr meme is referencing an idea with a long history in white supremacist and neo-Nazi thinking and is nothing but a heartless Islamophobic attack against innocent people fleeing an unimaginable hell on earth. Over the past week, hundreds have perished as Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad and his Russian allies rain hellfire upon the city of Alepp. Over half a million have perished inSyria civil war. Hundreds of thousands of people in cities across Syria are starving, trapped in besieged cities with no way to get fresh food. Hospitals, markets, schools are bombed indiscriminately. Rebel-held areas are dominated by jihadi groups that institute harsh religious law; in regime areas, tens of thousands vanish into the depths ofAssad prisons to be raped, tortured, and eventually killed. The people of Syria need our help. The conflict is of our making thanks to George W.Bush invasion of Iraq; our refusal to hold the Assad regime accountable for his crimes means we contribute to the slaughter being perpetrated every day. Comedian Eli Bosnick gave an incredibly powerful explanation for just why the Skittles meme is so offensive ? and how we should really feel about accepting refugees.That what real courage looks like. That is how a REAL American, a real human, should feel. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1157	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/19/just-50-ex-military-intelligence-leaders-demand-trump-reveal-foreign-investments/	mostly true	" A group of over fifty former intelligence officials and national security experts have written a letter demanding that he disclose the details of his ?overseas business investments.? Signed by both Republicans and Democrats, the call for transparency comes as Trump defiantly doubles down on his refusal to release his tax returns and reveal any potential conflicts of interest he might have as President. ?Donald Trump still has not revealed to the American public his international business relationships, even as it becomes increasingly clear that his overseas ties could well constitute significant conflicts of interest when it comes to charting U.S. foreign policy. This is unprecedented for a candidate for thenation highest office. As such, we are calling on Mr. Trump to disclose, in full, the nature of his business relationships overseas ? to include specifically who his business partners are and what and where are his foreign investments. The Newsweek article reports that Mr. Trump courted Muammar Qaddafi, a dictator who murdered his own people and who once pursued nuclear weapons and conducted terrorism against Americans. Newsweek also asserts that Mr.Trump other business partners have included Kremlin-tied oligarchs and Russians with mafia links, an individual accused of money laundering for the Iranian military, a Turkish media tycoon accused of running a fuel-smuggling ring, Indian companies that may have violatedIndia laws in their pursuit of business with Mr. Trump, and a South Korean company mired in scandal. Importantly, according to this news item, Mr.Trump business partnerships owe millions of dollars to Chinese entities. On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump has repeatedly praised VladimirPutin authoritarian leadership, while outlining policies that read like a Kremlin wish list. He has claimed that Putin would never invade Ukraine, suggested permanently ceding Crimea to Russia and placed conditions on upholding our obligation to protect our NATO allies. He has floated lifting sanctions against Russia, which would benefit both Putin and the Trump Organization. Our policies must be motivated exclusively by what is inAmerica best interest, not by the financial interests of our president. The onus is on Donald Trump to assure voters that this will be the case by disclosing the nature of his overseas relationships and committing to divest such assets.? The letter was penned by signatories as noted as former acting CIA director Michael J. Morell, former undersecretary of Defense Michael G. Vickers, and former national security adviser Samantha Vinograd.Trump refusal to release his tax returns would appear to indicate that there are some serious irregularities that could potentially doom his candidacy for President, which his son pretty much confirmed in a foolish statement. The content of those tax returns has been the subject of much speculation, but givenTrump long history of tax evasion and political bribery, itdoesn take much imagination to assumehe committing some kind of fraud.He also suspected of accepting bribes from Russian oligarchs and has done business with authoritarian rulers likeLibya now-deceased Muammar Qaddafi, the emirs of the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of SaudiArabia ruling House of Saud. So what exactly are you hiding, Mr. Trump? The full letter can be found here. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1165	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/20/proof-trump-stole-258000-from-his-foundations-donors-to-settle-lawsuits/	mixture of true and false	" A new investigation has determined that DonaldTrump charitable foundation funneled otherpeople money into settling his lawsuits, which violates laws preventing charitable organizations from accepting donors funds and benefitting those who run the foundations. With a stroke of the pen Trump pilfered the average wage of five working Americans to payoff his business fines: Donald Trump spent more than a quarter-million dollars from his charitable foundation to settle lawsuits that involved thebillionaire for-profit businesses, according to interviews and a review of legal documents. Those cases, which together used $258,000 fromTrump charity, were among four newly documented expenditures in which Trump may have violated laws against ?self-dealing? ? which prohibit nonprofit leaders from using charity money to benefit themselves or their businesses. The WashingtonPost David Farenthold has doggedly chased down every lead from the Donald J. Trump Foundation and is in the process of singlehandedly using a dog-eared notebook (they?ve shown photos of it) to literally do what the entire news media is afraid of doing: a complete fact check of DonaldTrump dubious history of illegal self-dealing and political corruption. It wasFarenthold investigation which has now caused every major newspaper in Florida to call for a federal investigation into the Trump University pay-for-play scandal where the very same foundation Trump robbed to payoff lawsuits also made an illegal campaign contribution to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. Now his reporting shows that he used the same foundation to settle a $120,000 fine for Mar-a-lago,Trump glitzy party palace in Palm Beach and thenation largest private home. Trump was supposed to donate money to aveteran foundation, instead he simply took it from others who donated to the foundation instead. Ironically, it was all because of the size of a flagpole: In one case, from 2007,Trump Mar-a-Lago Club faced $120,000 in unpaid fines from the town of Palm Beach, Fla., resulting from a dispute over the size of a flagpole. In a settlement, Palm Beach agreed to waive those fines ? ifTrump club made a $100,000 donation to a specific charity for veterans. Instead, Trump sent a check from the Donald J. Trump Foundation, a charity funded almost entirely by otherpeople money, according to tax records. Thiswasn just charity for the wealthy; it was a direct subsidy to one of the TrumpOrganization most prized businesses. But itwouldn be the only six figure heist engineered by Donald Trump with little more than the stroke of a pen. When you watch Donald Trump pitch his golf course in Scotland on a campaign trip, just remember that the mismanagement of his expensive golf courses frequently land the Republican nominee in court. WaPo reports that: One ofTrump golf courses in New York agreed to settle a lawsuit by making a donation to theplaintiff chosen charity. A $158,000 donation was made by the Trump Foundation, according to tax records. On top of that, Trump also used his charitablefoundation funds to buy a 6-foot tall oil canvas painting of himself and a $12,000 Tim Tebow football helmet. The latest find by Farenthold uncovered that he spent another $10,000 on second portrait of himself as well as $5000 for advertisements for his chain of hotels. We hear that the latest ofTrump charitable oil-on-canvas selfies is smaller. The New York Attorney General has already opened an investigation into the Donald J. Trump Foundation for its illegal transaction withFlorida Attorney General, and these new revelations appear to fit right in with the pattern of theRepublican nominee for President which we know all too well by now. Donald Trump is all too happy to lie or cheat or steal, as long as he can get away with it.Here the check proving that Trump stole from his donors to pay for Mar-a-lago?s debts: Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1199	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/23/breaking-keith-lamonts-wife-releases-video-shooting-police/	mostly true	" A new video has emerged of the moments before and after police officers gunned down Keith Lamont Scott in North Carolina a few days ago. But the video, filmed byScott wife Rakeyia, does not show the exact shooting and still leaves many questions unanswered. The police video of the shooting has been seen by his mourning relatives. ?When told by police to exit his vehicle, Mr. Scott did so in a very calm, nonaggressive manner. While police did give him several commands, he did not aggressively approach them or raise his hands at members of law enforcement at any time. Mr.Scott hands were by his side, and he was slowly walking backwards? said family attorney Justin Bamberg. A picture has emerged that purports to show that Scott had a gun but it is still unclear who it belonged to or if it is a gun at all. In any case, North Carolina is an open-carry state with loose firearm laws, which more often than not seem to apply only to white people. In the video, the cops keep yelling ?DROP THE GUN? while Rakeyia Scott keeps telling them that hedoesn, and that what he does have is a traumatic brain injury and that he just took his medicine. ?Don?t shoot him.Don shoot him. He has no weapon. He has no weapon.Don shoot him!? she pleads as officers yell ? in an extremely unprofessional fashion ? ?DROP THE F*CKING GUN!? Why the officers were in a standoff with Scott at all is still unclear, as they were there to serve a warrant on someone else. But as happens far too often in the United States, Scott was executed without charges or trial. Protests by angry citizens demanding the release of the tapes continued into a third night as the governor declared a state of emergency and imposed a midnight to 6 am curfew. Police have continued to refuse to release the tapes as their investigationcontinues. Watch the video here. Viewer discretion is advised, as it is very disturbing and contains profane language: Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1210	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/26/wwii-veteran-pens-brutal-op-ed-slamming-draft-dodging-trump/	mostly true	" A ninety-six-year-old World War II veteran and longtime New Yorker contributor Roger Angell has voted in eighteen elections. As he prepares to vote in his nineteenth, he has published an op-ed in which he shares his wisdom and experience ? and sends a dire warning to the American people. This man, who has lived through the most dangerous threats to ever face our nation, including the prospect of nuclear Armageddon, believes that the election of Republican nominee Donald Trump would be a catastrophe on the same level: ?My country faces a danger unmatched in our history since the Cuban missile crisis, in 1962, or perhaps since 1943, when the Axis powers held most of Continental Europe, and Imperial Japan controlled the Pacific Rim, from the Aleutians to the Solomon Islands, with the outcome of that war still unknown. ? Angell acknowledgesTrump long history of outrageously offensive statements but chooses to focus on the one closest to his heart: military service and the lessons of the Second World War, the most destructive conflict humanity has ever fought. ?I stick at a differentmoment lighthearted comment he made when, in early August, an admiring veteran presented him with a replica of his Purple Heart and Mr. Trump said, ?I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier.? Mr. Trump is saying he wishes that he had joined the armed forces somehow (he had a chance but skimmed out, like so many others of his time) and then had died or been scarred or maimed in combat? This is the dream of a nine-year-old boy, and it impugns the five hundred thousand young Americans who have died in combat in my lifetime, and the many hundreds of thousands more whose lives were altered or shattered by their wounds of war. I take this personally, representing as I do the last sliver of the sixteen million Americans who served in the military in mywar experienced the loss of more than twenty close friends, classmates, and companions of my youth, who remain young and fresh in memory. I have named them in previous pieces, along with some wounded survivors, like my friend Gardner, an infantry captain who landed at Normandy Beach and fought atH Forest and Aachen and the Battle of the Bulge, was twicewounded late brother-in-law Neil, who lay wounded on the field for two days during the battle of Belfort Gap, and who hobbled with a cane all his life, and with two canes near the end. Every American of my generation can supply stories like these, and once learned and tried to forget that, worldwide, seventy million people died in our war. Far too many people have forgotten the lessons of that dreadful conflict ? or never learned them at all, as inTrump case. Trump is a selfish coward at his core; a draft-dodger who then had the nerve to compare his promiscuity with the sacrifices of the hundreds of thousands of young Americans who perished in the jungles of Vietnam, a man who mocks war heroes and insults the families of our slain warriors, a man who uses our veterans for cheap propaganda stunts and tosses them aside oncethey served their purpose. Trump is uniquely ill-suited for the presidency, a man enslaved by his ego and devoid of principle ? negatives that deeply disturb Mr. Angell. ?Mr. Trump is endlessly on record as someone who will not back down, who cannot appear to pause or lose. He is a man who must win, stay on the attack, and who thinks, first and last, ?How will I look?? This is central, and what comes after it, for me, at times, is concern for what it must be like for anyone who, facing an imperative as dark and unforgiving as this, finds only thenarcissist mirror for reassurance.? On the other hand, Mr. Angell has glowing praise for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, a woman who has spent her entire life in public service, who has shown time and time again that she has a backbone of steel and is up to the pressures of the Presidency: I will cast my own vote for Hillary Clinton with alacrity and confidence. From the beginning, her life has been devoted to public service and to improving the lives of children and the disadvantaged. She is intelligent, strong, profoundly informed, and extraordinarily experienced in the challenges and risks of our lurching, restlessly altering world and wholly committed to the global commonality. Her well-established connections to minorities may bring some better understanding of our urban and suburban police crisis. Ms. Clinton will make a strong and resolutePresident last, a female leader of ourown, in the end, perhaps a unifying one. He saves his best criticism for the end, however, as he nervously ponders what a President Trump might be responding to an ordinary day in the White House: ?If Donald Trump wins this election, his nights in the White House will very soon resemble those of President Obama. A new day is arriving, and with it the latest rush of badnews police shooting out West, another suicide bomber in Yemen, and other urgent briefings from a world already caught up in themorning difficult events. He needs to respond, but the beginning of thisPresident response is always reliably at hand: How will I look?? We absolutely cannot elect a President that will put his own public image above the needs of the American people. Read the full article here. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
519	http://cnn.it/2cp0LNj	mostly true	" A trail of clues provided by a Washington Post reporter and his readers led Univision anchor Enrique Acevedo to Donald Trump's shimmering golf resort outside Miami earlier this week. There, Acevedo found something that has elicited both shock and mystery within the political world: a portrait of Trump that the Republican nominee reportedly paid for using money from his charitable foundation. ""A lot of people have been looking for this painting,"" Acevedo wrote Wednesday. The search was prompted by David Fahrenthold, the Washington Post reporter who has been investigating the Trump Foundation. In a story published Tuesday , Fahrenthold reported that the real estate mogul had used money from the Trump Foundation to purchase a $10,000, four-foot-tall acrylic painting of himself at a charity fundraiser. Fahrenthold had already reported that Trump used the foundation's money to buy another portrait of himself , one that was six-feet-tall and cost $20,000. Experts say each purchase was possibly illegal. The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment. Following the report Tuesday, an eagle-eyed Twitter follower notified Fahrenthold that a photo on TripAdvisor showed the portrait hanging at the Trump National Doral Resort near Miami. The resort happens to be mere blocks from Univision's studios. Acevedo, who said he's been following Fahrenthold's reporting for weeks, reserved a room late Tuesday night at the hotel using points from his personal credit card. ""I didn't want to give Univision's money to one of Trump's businesses,"" he said. Acevedo eventually located the painting at the entrance of the Champions Bar & Grill insider the resort, marking the latest triumph in Fahrenthold's intrepid and collaborative reporting. ""I consider it a very small contribution to David's phenomenal reporting,"" Acevedo told CNN in an email. Fahrenthold, for his part, disagrees. ""Enrique deserves 99.9 percent of the credit for that find, since it was he who figured out how to get on the property (by booking a room), and then how to find the photo itself,"" he told CNN in an email. Fahrenthold's reporting was cited in a speech last week by President Barack Obama, who compared the Clinton family foundation with Trump's foundation. ""One candidate's family foundation has saved countless lives around the world,"" Obama said. ""The other candidate's foundation took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."" When he learned of the President's comment, Fahrenthold put in another request to his readers. ""Reminder,"" he tweeted, ""I am still looking for this portrait."" The next day, he had a lead from a Washington Post reader who had shipped the painting to another one of Trump's golf clubs in Briarcliff Manor, New York. ""This all happened because of social media,"" Fahrenthold told CNN in the email, saying he hoped the TripAdvisor photo would motivate a Florida reporter to track it down. ""Enrique did just that -- although, it turns out, I had underestimated how much work this would actually take,"" he said."	cnn.it	buzzfeed
1182	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/21/horror-90s-trump-kept-hitlers-speeches-bedside/	mixture of true and false	" After an exhausting day of ruining the lives of everyday Americans, rumor has it Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump likes to curl up in his gold-plated bed and relax with a book by his favorite author ? Adolf Hitler. Long before Trump began his run for president where racism, bigotry, hatred, division, and fear became the pillars of his campaign he was studying the work of man who is responsible for the third-most murders in human history. According to a 1990 Vanity Fair article written by Marie Brenner,Trump ex-wife Ivana, spilled the beans onTrump love affair with Hitler: Ivana Trump told her lawyer Michael Kennedy that from time to time her husband reads a book ofHitler collected speeches, My New Order, which he keeps in a cabinet by his bed. Kennedy now guards a copy of My New Order in a closet at his office, as if it were a grenade.Hitler speeches, from his earliest days up through the Phony War of 1939, reveal his extraordinary ability as a master propagandist. When the pathologically lying Trump was confronted about owning the book he feigned ignorance. The interviewer asked him, ?Did your cousin John give you the Hitler speeches?? Trump was shocked and attempted to deflect the question by asking a question, ?Who told you that?? but he then confirmed he owned the book, ?Actually, it was my friend Marty Davis from Paramount who gave me a copy of ?Mein Kampf?, andhe a Jew.? That Trump would even admit to owning the book is bad enough, but his justification for owning the book offers a window into his contorted carnival house of mirrors logic. Trump reasonsit okay to read about Hitler hating Jews, because his Jewish friend gifted it to him, andwouldn it be rude to discard the gift without giving it a thorough read? Trump lied about lying, as is his standard fare. Marty Davis did indeed confirm giving Trump the book, but it wasHitler ?My Jewish Order? not ?Mein Kampf.? Whether or not that is worse is up for debate. Davis went on to say heisn Jewish, but that he and Trump are friends. Then, likely after realizing he had outed himself as xenophobic towards Jewish people, Trump back peddled claiming even if he hadHitler book hewouldn read it. Trump said, ?If I had these speeches, and I am not saying that I do, I would never read them.? What does he meanhe not saying he has the speeches? He literally confirmed he had them moments earlier! While it is an exercise inone gag reflex to picture Trump in bed, it is natural to picture him with a Nazi swastika draped over his headboard, while filling his brain with strategies to bamboozle and terrorize the public.Trump campaign has been ripped fromHitler playbook of demonizing minorities and blaming them for the ills of a nation, which is all the more reason why Trump must be prevented from winning the presidency in less than seven weeks. If Trump has been studying Hitler for almost 30 years it is too generous of a leap to believe Trump was only interested inHitler rise to power, and in fact will continue to cribHitler strategies if and when he assumes power himself. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1213	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/26/just-houston-mass-shooter-dressed-nazi-uniform/	mostly true	" After months of quiet, mass shootings once again shake the nation. Around six a.m this morning, a ?disgruntled lawyer? opened fire at a mall in Houston, Texas, injuring nine before he was killed by police officers. Shooter Nathan Desai was found to have had multiple weapons in his vehicle ? all of them legal, as was his right to openly carry his weapons into a public space. As this man was not a Muslim, the media narrative is that Desai was apparently a disgruntledlawyer who was frustrated with hisfirm closing due to lack of customers. But this story gets even weirder. Law enforcement sources said that the shooter was wearing what appeared to be an antique German uniform with swastikas on it, and reports indicate that more Nazi paraphernalia was discovered in his apartment. Why Desai was wearing a Nazi uniform, where he got it, and any relation to white supremacy or neo-Nazi groups are still unclear at the moment. But his attempt to slaughter his countrymen was the 288th mass shooting in this country so far this year, according to watchdog group GunViolenceArchive.org. Texas? absurdly lax weapons laws resulted once again in a man opening fire into innocents. There was no good guy with a gun to save the day; just an angry Nazi lawyer. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1154	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/19/just-autopsy-finds-black-child-killed-cops-shot-back-three-times/	mixture of true and false	" An independent examiner has determined that Tyre King, the 13 year-old African-American boy fatally shot by Columbus, OH police last Wednesday, was ?more likely than not? running away from an officer at the time he was shot. The conclusion would seem to contradict the official police narrative, which holds that King was shot in a confrontation with officers after ?he pulled a realistic-looking BB gun on them?. King was shot at 7:42 pm last Wednesday after officers responded to reports of an armed robbery over $10 by a group of three African-American teenagers. According to the official police department report, ?officers followed the males to an alley and attempted to take them into custody when one suspect pulled a gun from his waistband. One officer shot and struck the suspect multiple times.? The Columbuscoroner office has completed an autopsy ofKing body but the resultswon be made public for at least six weeks. It was this delay that promptedKing family to hire an independent medical examiner, Dr. Francisco Diaz, who is a professor of pathology at the University of Michigan and works as a medical examiner for Wayne County, MI. In a statement released by the Kingfamily attorney today, Diaz said that ?based on the location and the direction of the wound paths it is more likely than not that Tyre King was in the process of running away from the shooter or shooters when he suffered all three gunshot wounds.? It is not in question that King was involved in the robbery; indeed his friend Demetrius Braxton, 19, who was with King that night and has since been arrested, said that King ?wanted to rob somebody for money.?Diaz report, however, confirms the suspicions of many in the community and across the country that the use of lethal force by responding officers was unnecessary and that a story of King aiming his gun at the police had been concocted as a justification. IndeedBraxton account of the encounter, given before the results ofDiaz investigation were reported, similarly contradicts the official narrative. He told the local newspaper that ?the cops said ?get down? and We got down, but my friend [King] got up and ran ? [and] when he ran, the cop shot him.? The last time we checked, petty thievery does not carry the death sentence in the United States of America. While many will be inclined to somehow argue that the boy deserves it for committing a robbery, consider this. When young white men are convicted of rape in America, like Brock Turner, judges let them walk because they think they deserve a second chance. When young African-Americans commit crimes, they are smeared as career criminals and executed on the spot. The King case is only the most recent in a long string of deadly encounters between young African-American men and the police, many of which have been muddled by the victims? having been carrying BB guns made to look like authentic firearms. Given the ubiquity not only of BB guns but of actual firearms as well amongst white Americans the implication ? and sometimes overt justification ? by police that the mere presence of what looks like a weapon on a young African-American boy constitutes a deadly threat is questionable at best. The injustice of such encounters becomes even clearer when the victim has his back to the police, a situation in which lethal force should never be the answer. And what is most insidious about these cases is the apparently reflexive instinct of the police to lie, as they seem to have done inKing case by claiming that he was pointing his weapon at officers when he was shot. Far more than the peaceful protests of Black Lives Matter, it is these fabricated standoffs between police and black youth that fuel the fiction of the ?war on police.? Through their attorney,King family have asked that the public ?continue to withhold final judgement until all the facts are known and vetted.? They have also called for an independent investigation into theirson killing, saying that ?The Columbus police department, the City of Columbus and most importantly Tyre King and his family deserve the benefit of an investigation from a law enforcement agency that has no direct impact from the outcome of that investigation.? Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
526	http://cnn.it/2cpbKGk	mostly true	" As Charlotte becomes the latest city to erupt in racial tension, Massachusetts' highest court ruled this week that just because a black suspect flees police, it does not necessarily signify guilt. The court pointed to statistics in a recent Boston Police Department report that revealed that ""black men in the City of Boston were more likely to be targeted for police-civilian encounters such as stops, frisks, searches, observations and interrogations."" The case at issue concerned Jimmy Warren, who was stopped in December 2011 by a Boston police officer responding to a break in that had occurred in the neighborhood. Responding police officer Christopher R. Carr saw Warren and a friend and called out, ""Hey fellas."" Warren turned and ran up a hill into a park and Carr observed him clutching the right side of his pants. Carr lost sight of Warren, but eventually caught up with him in the backyard of a house. Carr drew his weapon and yelled for him to get down. After a struggle, Carr arrested Warren and found no gun on his person. Minutes after the arrest police recovered a Walther .22 caliber firearm in the front yard. Warren told the officer that he did not have a license to carry a firearm and he was later charged with unlawful possession. Nelson P. Lovins, brought the case to the state's high court after Warren lost below. Lovins argued that police did not have the reasonable suspicion to issue a stop, and the gun evidence had to be suppressed. He argued that the police pursued his client with the intent of questioning him, but they lacked the basis to do so. ""My client was never charged with a break in -- only with illegal possession of a gun, "" Lovins said in an interview. The court ruled in Warren's favor, noting that a stop has to be grounded in an officers' ""reasonable suspicion"" that the person was involved with a crime. That suspicion, the court said, had to be grounded in ""specific, articulable facts."" ""We are not persuaded that the information available to the police at the time of the seizure was sufficiently specific to establish reasonable suspicion that the defendant was connected to the breaking and entering under investigation,"" the court held, then walking through all of the factors the police had considered including the description of the suspects, the proximity to the crime, and the fact that Warren had run. On the last factor, the court pointed out a ""cautionary note"" pointing to statistics specific to Boston. The court warned that a reasonable suspicion calculus ""cannot be divorced from the finding in a recent Boston Police Department report documenting a pattern of racial profiling"" of black males in the city. The court said it did not eliminate flight as a factor for the reasonable suspicion analysis whenever a black male is the subject of an investigatory stop, but in those circumstances ""flight is not necessarily probative of a suspect's state of mind or consciousness of guilt."" ""Rather, the finding that black males in Boston are disproportionately and repeatedly targeted"" the Court said, ""suggests a reason for flight totally unrelated to consciousness of guilt."" Lovins hopes that this case will influence trial judges down the road that just because a black man is fleeing that doesn't necessarily mean he is guilty. ""We've demonstrated that there are other reasons for flight, certainly in the case of black males who have been targeted for stops and searches disproportionally,"" he said. A spokesperson for the Boston Police Department issued a statement saying the court's decision was ""very troubling."" ""For it to consider studies that were never introduced into evidence or offered into the record is concerning,"" the statement said, ""At the very least the court should have heard from experts who compiled and analyzed the data."" Matthew Segal, the legal director of the ACLU of Massachusetts, says that the police and prosecutors invited the data into the discussions because they are the ones who asserted that flight was automatically suspicious. The ACLU used the same statistics from the Boston Police Department to conclude that black people and communities in Boston were not being treated the same as white people in white communities. ""This is a potentially huge decision,"" said Segal. ""The Black Lives Matter movement can change the law in this country, if more courts follow the lead of the Supreme Judicial Court and look at the reasonableness standard from the perspective of the civilian. """	cnn.it	buzzfeed
553	http://cnn.it/2cWo8la	mostly true	" As Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton prepare to square off Monday night in their first debate, the expectations are clear: Political bloodsport in primetime. The 2016 race has been notably nasty, with Trump assuming the attack dog role campaigns have traditionally outsourced to running mates and surly surrogates. Clinton too has shown a willingness to blitz Trump -- though in less graphic terms -- during speeches and interviews on the trail. But does the current election season represent a new low in American politics? History says no -- and a group of historians interviewed by CNN agree. Exhibit A: ""That hideous hermaphroditical character, which has neither the force and firmness of a man, nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman."" Exhibit B: ""Around him, as the candidate for the highest office in the gift of the people, the most corrupt, the most designing and the most dangerous of the community rally."" Exhibit C: ""We are Republicans, and don't propose to leave our party and identify ourselves with the party whose antecedents have been rum, Romanism, and rebellion."" Presidential candidates, their campaigns and supporters have been slinging mud since the Founding Fathers were jockeying for power in the aftermath of the revolution. The contests of the 19th century routinely descended into cesspools of public deviance, racism, and religious and personal slander. ""The machinations, the backstabbing, the hideous caricatures and slurs were just devastating,"" historian Joan Waugh told CNN. ""It was a bloodsport,"" she said. ""I have to laugh, when I'm not weeping, at the utter abysmal ignorance of the way that politics and the history of politics is often reported. As if nothing today has ever happened before."" 1800: 'That hideous hermaphroditical character' Republican President Thomas Jefferson and his predecessor, Federalist President John Adams The first race of the new century was a rematch of the 1796 contest, pitting President John Adams, a Federalist, against Thomas Jefferson. In American politics in those early days, the parties were less important and the candidates didn't campaign much in person, mostly allowing partisan allies and hired hands to do the dirty work. And there was none more foul than Jeffersonian hatchet man James T. Callender. In a pamphlet titled, ""The Prospect Before Us,"" the Scottish immigrant described Adams as a ""hideous hermaphroditical character, which has neither the force and firmness of a man, nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman."" (For his trouble, Callender would eventually be convicted of violating the Sedition Act and jailed, only to be freed when Jefferson took office.) Candidates in this era operated under both social and statutory constraints. It was considered unseemly to seek votes or speak ill of the opposition. And the Sedition Act made it illegal to write or print anything ""malicious"" about the government -- especially its President. ""Famously, when a guy in a bar, half-drunk, said that John Adams had a fat ass -- which is also factually true -- the guy was put in jail,"" Pulitzer Prize-winning historian Edward J. Larson told CNN. ""So you had to watch what you said directly about Adams. You could get away with saying anything you wanted about others in the Federalist party."" While the Jeffersonians feared Adams was fixing to dispense with the American experiment in favor of something like the British monarchy, the Federalists were equally convinced that Jefferson would effectively open the borders to foreign radicals and clamp down on religion. As one Massachusetts newspaper put it, electing ""the infidel Jefferson"" would mean ""our churches will be prostrated, and some infamous prostitute, under the title of the Goddess of Reason, will preside in the Sanctuaries now devoted to the worship of the Most High."" Of course, none of it was true. ""Jefferson was not an atheist,"" Larson explained. In fact, the Virginian and Adams ""had almost identical religious viewpoints. They were both Unitarians. Adams' religious viewpoints were almost indistinguishable from Jefferson's and they knew that. They had been close friends."" Their relationship would last another quarter century, until they died on the same day -- July 4, 1826. 1828: 'The skunks of party slander' Andrew Jackson and his wife, Rachel. She would die before his inauguration. In the first -- but not final -- American campaign drama widely considered to have sent one of its central characters to an early grave, another incumbent Adams was defeated in an electoral rematch from four years earlier. Like in 1800, the 1824 contest had gone to the House of Representatives. John Quincy Adams fared better than his father, winning the presidency over Andrew Jackson by obtaining the support of House Speaker Henry Clay in what opponents called the ""corrupt bargain"" -- Adams would name Clay his secretary of state. This did not sit well with Jackson, a hard-bitten man who was orphaned as a teen and made his name in combat against the British and then by leading a violent campaign against Native American tribes. He would spend the next four years plotting his revenge. ""The campaign of 1828 was very nasty, a campaign in which supporters of Andrew Jackson called John Quincy Adams a 'pimp' (the rumor, started by Jackson allies, was that Adams during his time as the US minister to Russia had provided female companionship for the czar) and supporters of John Quincy called Jackson and his wife 'polygamists' because they had married before her divorce came through,"" said CNN presidential historian Tim Naftali. JUST WATCHED Adams attacks Jackson with spelling bee? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Adams attacks Jackson with spelling bee? 01:30 Kerwin Swint, an author and professor at Kennesaw State University, recalled it being particularly hard on the Jackson family. ""Andrew Jackson's mother was caricatured as a common prostitute that the sailors brought over for the benefit of the English Navy,"" he said, while Jackson himself ""was called a murderer, a traitor, and mentally unstable."" Adams dismissed the vile tone of the campaign, chalking up the slurs to those ""skunks of party slander."" The President, though, was not so high-minded that his associates didn't accuse Jackson of being illiterate, while mocking his poor spelling skills and keeping up attacks on his wife, Rachel. The harsh spotlight wore on her and, as many historians agree and Jackson then believed, probably had a hand in killing her. ""I would rather be a doorkeeper in the house of God than live in that palace in Washington,"" she is said to have told friends as the campaign turned ugly. Rachel Jackson died on Dec. 22, 1828 , likely of a heart attack. She would be buried on Christmas Eve, before her husband's inauguration. JUST WATCHED Presidential Places: Andrew Jackson's Hermitage Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Presidential Places: Andrew Jackson's Hermitage 02:17 At her funeral, Andrew Jackson is widely reported to have told fellow mourners, ""I can and do forgive all my enemies. But those vile wretches who have slandered her must look to God for mercy."" Her tombstone at the Hermitage , Jackson's home in Nashville, read in part: ""A being so gentle, and yet so virtuous, slander might wound but could not dishonour."" 1860: 'Stephen in search of his mother' Abraham Lincoln and Steven A. Douglas square off in a cartoon titled, ""The undecided political prize fight"" (1860) ""At political rallies in (Abraham) Lincoln's era, people got drunk, they had fist fights, they threw excrement, they attacked horses, they screamed and shouted and cursed -- did I mention they drank; they drank a lot -- and it was not exactly a festive atmosphere,"" the historian and Lincoln scholar Harold Holzer told CNN. ""It was a scary atmosphere."" In the years before the public flocked to see heavyweights in the ring or on the gridiron, many would bring their booze and off-hours aggressions to campaign rallies -- drunken parades and parties that made little mention of the candidates, who rarely if ever attended. Lincoln in particular steered clear of the trail, as outright campaigning was still considered unbecoming of a future chief executive. So when one of the four candidates in the 1860 race, the Democrat Stephen A. Douglas, announced he was going to travel from Chicago to New Hampshire, by way of New Orleans, to visit his sick mother, political opponents and the partisan press drew their daggers. ""Douglas made a speech every time the train stopped for water and coal,"" Holzer said. And for that, ""he was mocked brutally as a momma's boy, as 'little Steven in search of his mother,' insulting his independence, his manhood, making him look like a pipsqueak -- which he was -- so he was personally assailed."" The broader sweep of the 1860 campaign was much darker. Conspiracy theories and race hate were the prevailing the themes in a four-way showdown that left the Democratic Party in shambles and cleared the way for the first shots of the Civil War just a few months later. The table had been set by a Supreme Court decision three years earlier, in 1857's Dred Scott decision, when it declared that African Americans could not be US citizens. The ruling aggravated tensions between the northern and southern states, leading many to believe that, as Holzer put it, ""Douglas was in cahoots with President James Buchanan and Chief Justice Taney to make slavery legal, national, and perpetual."" This was not quite true. Douglas despised Buchanan and considered the Scott decision a political misstep. But Honest Abe knew how to throw an elbow and seized on anxieties in the north over a federal government conspiring to expand slavery across the continent. Douglas tried to turn the tables, as Holzer explained, by saying ""that Lincoln wants whites to be able to marry blacks, blacks to serve on juries, blacks to have equal rights, blacks to have the vote, blacks to have white servants and all these things that are supposed to send shivers of horror into the white community."" The four main 1860 candidates are mocked in a cartoon with racist imagery titled, ""The political quadrille. Music by Dred Scott"" (1860) The political cartoons of the day helped stoke the fiction. Appearing mostly on pamphlets and in saloon windows, they were often crude and deeply racist. In one titled ""The political quadrille: Music by Dred Scott"" (above), all four candidates danced with their perceived objects of their interest -- Lincoln with a black woman, John C. Breckinridge with President Buchanan (or ""Buck"" the goat here), Douglas with an Irishman and Constitutional Union party candidate John Bell, with a Native American, suggesting that he is a Nativist, or anti-immigrant. Lincoln would rout all three, winning the presidency with 1.87 million votes, nearly 500,000 better than the runner-up Douglas. But less than two months after the election, South Carolina voted to secede from the union. Six more states would follow before Lincoln was sworn in as the 16th president of a rapidly dissolving United States on March 4, 1861. 1872: 'The Home Stretch' Ulysses S. Grant and the newspaperman and 1872 Liberal Republican presidential nominee, Horace Greeley. The second post-Civil War election pitted President Ulysses S. Grant against a challenger from within his own party: the audacious abolitionist and New York Tribune publisher Horace Greeley. The 1872 campaign turned on the fight over Reconstruction in the South and with the Democratic party still hopelessly divided, the Liberal Republicans -- a breakaway GOP group that favored amnesty for erstwhile Confederates -- formed the base of the electoral opposition. But as the campaign neared, they faced one minor hurdle: no one wanted their nomination. Enter Greeley, ""a very strange and eccentric figure"" by historian Waugh's account. ""He always wore this long white waistcoat and his hair was a mess."" ""He was no one's idea of their standard-bearer,"" Waugh added, but that he would be -- and with it, the target of relentless attacks by his former friends and the cartoonist Thomas Nast. Greeley became a figure of fun early on, and unflattering caricatures, in essay or cartoon form, followed him throughout the campaign. The press behaved like a band of cruel teenagers, wondering aloud -- as in one Evening Post editorial -- ""how many men are there of character and reputation who may be counted among his friends? If there be any at all, they are very few -- so few that it is difficult to recall their names."" Rallying around him instead, the piece continued, were ""the most corrupt, the most designing and the most dangerous of the community."" ""They accused Greeley of all kinds of really whacko things,"" Swint said. ""He was a vegetarian, which was seen as weird. Horace Greeley today would be a New Age guru kind of character. He was also easy to lampoon. He had a large puffy face, and big steel-rimmed glasses."" In a pamphlet titled ""Horace Greeley Unmasked,"" Springfield Republican writer Samuel Bowles is quoted suggesting the candidate's ""perversity of temper and openness to flattery"" made him an easy mark for treacherous operators. Thomas Nast's ""We Are On the Home Stretch"" (1872), published in Harper's Weekly, mocked a politically fallen Greeley (who would die -- literally -- weeks later) Greeley also suffered at the nimble hand of Nast, the Harper's Weekly cartoonist, who skewered the candidate savagely for months. In his now infamous illustration, ""We Are On the Home Stretch,"" a waylaid Greeley is seen, belly up, on a stretcher, defeated and being returned home to his home in Chappaqua, New York. The drawing would prove dramatically prescient. At the end of October, days before the election and a week after the cartoon was published, Greeley's wife died of consumption. Her husband would follow her to the grave a month later, on November 29, before the electoral college could fully register his votes. 1884: 'Ma, Ma, Where's My Pa?' Grover Cleveland's child, born out of wedlock and mostly abandoned, speaks up in ""Another voice for Cleveland,"" a cartoon by Frank Beard (1884) The called him ""Grover the good."" But for all the work Grover Cleveland did in cleaning up corruption during his time as the sheriff of Erie County, mayor of Buffalo and governor of New York, the Democrats' nominee in 1884 led a less tidy personal life. A brief relationship with the widowed Maria Halpin in the early 1870s had yielded a child, but hardly a father. ""It became the story of the day, glorified through the media. There was no smoking gun or direct testimony, all they had were accusations and circumstances. And of course he did know Halpin, and she named her son, his last name, Cleveland,"" Swint said. ""He did admit to having an affair with her"" and paid some child support. The Republicans took aim, calling Cleveland a deadbeat dad while dragging Halpin and the child into the muck. ""There is a famous cartoon (above) of Cleveland walking down the street and a woman carrying a baby saying, 'Ma, Ma, where's my Pa?,'"" Swint said. ""So a lot of was visual. In the days before TV advertising, photos and illustrations in newspapers (carried more weight)."" The rhyme took hold and became a rallying cry for supporters of Cleveland's opponent, James G. Blaine, who sang it in the streets and during campaign events. Unfortunately for Blaine, where Cleveland's issues were mostly the stuff of gossip, the Republican's own misdeeds well-documented -- literally. During his time as speaker of the House from 1869 to 1875, Blaine had in a series of letters articulated the precise details of his self-dealing, which mostly included pushing laws to benefit the railroad companies who, in turn, dished him stock in their growing operations. One particular missive was marked with the now familiar request, ""Burn this letter!"" The recipient failed to meet the request and the nominee was soon being taunted by Cleveland supporters as ""Blaine, Blaine, James G. Blaine, the continental liar from the state of Maine!"" As one Cleveland backer rationalized, the candidates' personal and professional failings, respectively, had made the choice an easy one. ""We are told that Mr. Blaine has been delinquent in office but blameless in public life, while Mr. Cleveland has been a model of official integrity but culpable in personal relations,"" the supporter said. ""We should therefore elect Mr. Cleveland to the public office for which he is so well qualified to fill, and remand Mr. Blaine to the private station which he is admirably fitted to adorn."" It would get worse for Blaine, who ran into more recognizable trouble when one of his allies in New York, the Rev. Samuel Burchard, introduced the candidate with an infamous assault on the Irish community -- effectively calling them drunks and, in what many considered an insult then, Catholics. ""We are Republicans,"" he said, ""and don't propose to leave our party and identify ourselves with the party whose antecedents have been rum, Romanism, and rebellion."" Blaine did not utter a word of protest, his silence helping to solidify political antipathies that endure to the present day. Cleveland would win a narrow popular vote but cruise to victory in the Electoral College. His supporters did not disappoint either, finally returning the ""Ma, Ma, where's my Pa?"" chant with a sharp answer: ""Gone to the White House, ha ha ha!"""	cnn.it	buzzfeed
667	http://cnn.it/2discNp	mostly true	" As Hillary Clinton on Monday night reeled off a litany of insults he had leveled against women through the years, including some nasty nicknames for a former Miss Universe, Donald Trump leaned into his microphone and asked repeatedly, ""Where did you find this? Where did you find this?"" The Clinton campaign need not have looked far, or particularly hard, to turn up instances of the Republican presidential nominee speaking in cold or cruel ways about women. Trump has made a habit of it over the years, targeting public figures, even his own wives and girlfriends. ""She was the winner (of the pageant), and, you know, she gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem,"" Trump said. ""We had a real problem."" The Trump campaign has pushed back against suggestions his past comments betrayed any lack of respect for women. ""Mr. Trump has tremendous relationships with women,"" spokeswoman Hope Hicks told CNN in an email, noting the presence of high-ranking female officials within his campaign and company. ""To say otherwise is wholly inaccurate and based on unsubstantiated claims from publicity hungry individuals."" But many of Trump's nastiest affronts are matters of public record. And voters have noticed -- even as he gained in recent polls, Clinton's lead among women remained considerable, usually up around 20 points. Here is an incomplete list of his insults over the years: Critical women During the first Republican primary event in August 2015, Fox News' Megyn Kelly challenged him over his past comments about women. Trump didn't like it. ""You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes,"" he told CNN's Don Lemon after the fact. ""Blood coming out of her ... wherever."" His feud with Kelly would stretch on. Before it was informally settled, he would retweet another Twitter user who posted images form Kelly's GQ Magazine photo shoot and called her a ""bimbo."" Trump and Rosie O'Donnell have sparred for years -- right through Monday night. During her time on ABC's ""The View,"" O'Donnell had disparaged Trump as a ""snake-oil salesman"" and discussed his bankruptcy. Trump has been especially harsh in return. In this clip from a 2006 Entertainment Tonight segment, he called O'Donnell a ""slob."" ""If I were running 'The View,' I'd fire Rosie. I'd look her right in that fat ugly face of hers, I'd say, 'Rosie, you're fired,' "" he said, channeling his reality TV tagline. ""We're all a little chubby, Rosie is just a little worse than most of us. But it's not just the chubbiness. Rosie is a very unattractive person, both inside and out."" In August 2012, he mocked Arianna Huffington, whose ex-husband Michael revealed he was gay a year after their marriage ended in 1997, tweeting that she was ""unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision."" .@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2012 Better Midler, too, has come under fire from Trump. In the space of six minutes on October 28, 2012, he tweeted at the singer and actress twice, first calling her ""grotesque,"" then adding: ""While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct."" Now grotesque @BetteMidler is into the Trump act --- trying to become relevant again. ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 28, 2012 While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct. ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 28, 2012 A year earlier, New York Times columnist Gail Collins wrote about a note she had received from Trump. ""During one down period, I referred to him in print as a 'financially embattled thousandaire,'"" Collins recalled , ""and he sent me a copy of the column with my picture circled and 'The Face of a Dog!' written over it."" On their mental health More recently, he responded angrily to another Times columnist, Maureen Dowd, who suggested during an interview on CNN that Trump ""thought the violence (at his rallies) added a frisson of excitement."" First, Trump tweeted that Dowd was ""wacky"" and a ""neurotic dope."" In a second post, he called her ""Crazy Maureen Dowd."" Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope! ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 17, 2016 Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong! ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 17, 2016 Earlier in the summer, he had used similar terms to smear now-former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski. Wasserman Schultz was ""highly neurotic,"" while he described Brzezinski, who had been critical on her show, as ""off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!"" The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out! ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2016 Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning, unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess! ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2016 And don't forget Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. During a brief back-and-forth for which she eventually apologized, Trump tweeted : ""Her mind is shot - resign! Crude gender stereotypes In a clip turned up by HBO's John Oliver, Trump discusses with a female reporter how contestants at his beauty pageant are judged. Then comments on her own appearance (at 4:56). There is a pattern. The future GOP nominee offered this assessment in his 1997 book, ""Trump: The Art of the Comeback"": ""Women have one of the great acts of all time,"" he wrote. ""The smart ones act very feminine and needy, but inside they are real killers. The person who came up with the expression 'the weaker sex' was either very naive or had to be kidding. I have seen women manipulate men with just a twitch of their eye -- or perhaps another body part."" When discussing whether he might want more children with his third wife during a 2005 visit to radio host Howard Stern , Trump explained his paternal role as such: ""I mean, I won't do anything to take care of them. I'll supply funds and she'll take care of the kids. It's not like I'm gonna be walking the kids down Central Park."" More recently, as he again considered a run for office, Trump tweeted that the presence of women, simply by their presence in the ranks, were to blame for sexual assault in the military. ""26,000 unreported sexual assaults in the military-only 238 convictions,"" he tweeted in May 2013. ""What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together?"" 26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together? ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2013 Public, sex-specific insults Before he turned on Maureen Dowd, Trump last summer told the columnist that, ""sadly,"" the supermodel Heidi Klum is ""no longer a 10."" A few months earlier, the not-yet-candidate retweeted a fan who posted a question: ""If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?"" Trump deleted his own post, blaming it on a rogue staffer. Hey @realDonaldTrump - In case you're looking for that tweet you deleted .. I got it right here. pic.twitter.com/a6F98q5xGU ? Lenny Jacobson (@Lennyjacobson) April 17, 2015 By the fall of 2015, Trump was a leading candidate for the Republican nomination. During an interview with Rolling Stone he commented on his primary rival, Carly Fiorina. This was the scene, as reporter Paul Solotaroff described it in his story : ""When the anchor throws to Carly Fiorina for her reaction to Trump's momentum, Trump's expression sours in schoolboy disgust as the camera bores in on Fiorina. 'Look at that face!' he cries. 'Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?!' What he said to the face of ""Celebrity Apprentice"" contestant and former Playboy playmate, Brande Roderick, during a 2013 show left her blank-faced. ""It must be a pretty picture,"" Trump said. ""You dropping to your knees."" Disgust at normal bodily functions At a campaign event in December 2015, he remarked on Clinton's slightly delayed return from a bathroom break during a recent Democratic primary debate. ""I know where she went, it's disgusting, I don't want to talk about it,"" Trump said. ""No, it's too disgusting. Don't say it, it's disgusting, let's not talk, we want to be very, very straight up."" It wasn't the first time Trump had expressed some revulsion at something so mundane. In July 2015, attorney Elizabeth Beck told CNN's Alisyn Camerota that Trump a few years earlier had suffered an ""absolute meltdown"" after she requested a break to pump breast milk. ""He got up,"" Beck said, ""his face got red, he shook his finger at me and he screamed, 'You're disgusting, you're disgusting,' and he ran out of there."""	cnn.it	buzzfeed
1228	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/27/mexican-peso-just-skyrocketed-hillarys-dominant-performance/	mixture of true and false	" Bloomberg News reports that the Mexican peso grew significantly stronger after Democratic nominee HillaryClinton powerful performance intonight key first presidential debate, after confidently besting Republican Donald Trump. The ?invisible hand? of the market is predicting a Hillary Clinton win aftertonight debate, and thatshe the only one of the two candidates whose election would keep more jobs in the USA too: The Mexican peso rebounded from a record low, a sign investors may perceive Hillary Clinton outperformed Donald Trump in the first U.S. presidential debate. The currency rose 2 percent to 19.4879 per dollar as of 1:20 p.m. in Tokyo, the biggest gain across more than 140 currencies worldwide, after the debate concluded. Around the world, currency traders, the kind-of-by-the-numbers, bottom line capitalists who Republicans profess to believe in the most, were unequivocal. They awarded victory in the first 2016 Presidential debate to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton by buying up Mexican pesos believing them to be more valuable with a stable diplomatic situation, and by the numbers traders weighed in: ?I shall not speculate on whether Clinton won or was Trumped,? wrote Jeffrey Halley wrote market strategist at Oanda Corporation in Singapore, ?But clearly, the highest [correlated] currency to a Trump victory thinks she did!? On a practical level, a stronger Peso also means that labor in Mexico will get more expensive for American companies as the exchange rate moves when Hillary does better in polling. Professional currency traders have been betting against the Mexican currency for months to insure themselves against an improbable Republican victory in November, which would set forth a catastrophe if NAFTA is unilaterally cancelled, costing millions of Americans their jobs to appeaseTrump delirious policy dreams. Ironically, this means that a Trump victory would make outsourcing far more attractive since people would depress the value of Mexican pesos, making the cost of hiring even cheaper than today. This also means that a Hillary Clinton victory in November will makeMexico currency stronger, which will in turn make it more attractive to our corporations to hire American workers or slow down the rate of outsourcing because of higher labor costs south of the border with a stronger Peso. Voting for Hillary Clinton is now economically certain to be better than voting for her lying Republican opponent, because his racism would literally be self-defeating, and the ?invisible hand of the market? would be best held by aDemocrat steady hand in the Oval Office come January. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1211	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/26/trump-panicking-bloomberg-announces-screen-fact-checking-debate/	mixture of true and false	" Bloomberg News will become the first ever 24 hour cable news television network to live broadcast a presidential debate with live, in-screen fact checking tonight. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton released a 19 page fact-check in advance oftonight debate listing the many lies and false bromides spread by her opponent. Considering that Republican nominee Donald Trump averages one lie per 3.5 minutes of public statements, their graphics and fact check teams will be working overtime, according to Politico: Bloomberg TV will conduct on-screen fact checks of statements made by both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton during Mondaynight debate, POLITICO has confirmed. Thechannel decision to conduct an on-screen fact-check sets Bloomberg apart from the other major TV networks, none of whom have committed to doing on-screen fact checks during the debate. Most will leave the fact-checking to segments in the post-debate analysis coverage. NPR is also planning an aggressive fact checking strategy in their online news offerings, and all of the networks plan to check facts after the candidates leave the stage, but in this extraordinary electionthere no better time than when 100 million Americans and people around the world watching live. Bloomberg News is setting an exemplary standard which NBC News has refused to emulate. NBC host Lester Holt, a registered Republican, will moderatetonight event. Hopefully, all of the major broadcast news networks will make the effort to upgrade their fact checking teams in time for the last two debates, one of which moderated by Fox News? Chris Wallace has already been announced as a fact-free debate. Factsdon matter much to Republican voters or Trump supporters, but to the moderates and independents whodon know what policies are at stake in thisyear election,they very important, and should be what they base their voting decisions upon. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will only share a stage tonight and for two other nights ? if all goes as planned with the next two debates ? sothere limited time to disseminatewhat factual versus whatisn to American voters immediately while attention is on the truth. Unless we want this election to truly usher in a ?post-truth? era where information is accepted regardless of its relation to reality, we must hold Donald Trump to the truth. We cannot allow him to lie to the American people any longer.Tonight debate begins at 9pm. You can click here to watch online. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1235	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/27/zach-galifianakis-just-unloaded-mentally-challenged-trump-brutal-takedown/	mixture of true and false	" Comedian and actor Zach Galifianakis recently featured former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on his improvisational comedy interview show, Between Two Ferns. Previously,he interviewed President Obama as well as other celebrities like Brad Pitt and Justin Beiber, butthere one person he refuses to have on the show. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Galifianakis was asked if he would have Republican nominee Donald Trump on his show since his interview with Clinton was such a resounding success ? and his answer is hilarious. ?No. Thatdoesn interest me. Doing it the other waydoesn interest me.He the kind of guy who likes attention ? bad attention or good attention. Soyou dealing with a psychosis therethat a little weird. Iwouldn have somebody onthat so mentally challenged. I feel likeI be taking advantage of him. And you can print that.? Between Two Ferns is known for its exceptionally awkward dialogue and for thehost fondness for asking uncomfortable questions (he once asked Pres. Obama ?How does it feel to knowyou going to be the last black president??). Part of the joke is both parties attempting to maintain their composure and not rising to the bait. Judging from the way that Donald Trump lashes out like a wounded animal at the slightest provocation and is utterly incapable of letting the pettiest slight go without a response,it safe to say that Galifinakis is right about how Trump would fare on his show. Butit terrifying to think that a man whocouldn handle being on a comedy interview show has a real shot at ascending to the presidency of the United States; he has shown time and time again that he is temperamentally unfit for the office. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
522	http://cnn.it/2cp3kPC	mostly true	" Congressional Black Caucus members demanded that the Justice Department ""aggressively pursue investigations, indictments and prosecutions"" regarding the recent deaths of two black men, which stemmed from fatal police shootings. ""We come to you today to urge you to aggressively pursue investigations, indictments and prosecutions through the Office of Civil Rights against any and all law enforcement officers who harm or kill innocent unarmed black men, women and children,"" said Rep. Maxine Waters, D-California, reading excerpts from a letter members later presented to Attorney General Loretta Lynch decrying violence. ""We will not continue to ask our constituents to be patient without any hope for change,"" she added. ""Madame Attorney General, you have the unique opportunity and constitutional responsibility to change this narrative."" Caucus Chair G. K. Butterfield said the incidents this week are not isolated. ""The Congressional Black Caucus is outraged with the dozens of unlawful police shootings that are taking place all across America involving unarmed, innocent African-American citizens,"" Butterfield told reporters. ""If we were to identify each of these, it would consume this entire press conference,"" the North Carolina Democrat added. Multiple members of the group, which includes dozens of African-American members of Congress, have spoken out following the death of Terence Crutcher, who was shot and killed last week in Tulsa, Oklahoma, after his car broke down. The 40-year-old black man raised his hands above his head just before Officer Betty Shelby fatally shot him. Crutcher was unarmed at the time. ""He posed no threat. He had no weapon. And yet he was confronted by the Tulsa Police Department and he was both tasered and shot to death,"" said New Jersey Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman in a video posted on the caucus' page. ""This is disgusting. And I am angry and I am hurt."" In a news conference Thursday, Lynch expressed sorrow about the ongoing conflicts between law enforcement and people of color. ""One of my top priorities as attorney general has been to do everything in my power to help heal those divides. And the Department of Justice will continue working tirelessly to protect the rights of all Americans,"" she said. ""We have come together with thoughts and prayers far too many times for victims of violence -- civilians and law enforcement alike,"" she added. Multiple police officers and citizens have been injured this week during protests after the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by a police officer. Police say Scott was armed at the time he was fatally shot, but his family claims that he was reading a book in his vehicle when police officers approached and shot him. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said Thursday that the department would not be releasing a video of the encounter between Scott and law enforcement. Rep. Joyce Beatty told CNN's John Berman that lawmakers ""can't be silent."" ""I think transparency is of the utmost. I understand the legalities. I understand that you have to have a full investigation,"" she said on ""At This Hour."" ""We want to make sure that the US Department of Justice is engaged. We want to have independent investigators going into these communities so we take away all doubt or perceptions of the biases,"" the Ohio Democrat said. ""We're losing too many lives."" Both presidential candidates have spoken out this week about the need to improve the relationship between black communities and law enforcement. Hillary Clinton, who the Black Caucus' political action committee endorsed, addressed the shootings in a speech Wednesday in Orlando, Florida. ""There is still much we don't know yet about what happened in both incidents. But we do know that we have two more names to add to a list of African-Americans killed by police officers in these encounters,"" Clinton said. ""It's unbearable. And it needs to become intolerable."" And Donald Trump said Wednesday he was ""very troubled"" by the fatal police shooting in Tulsa and suggested the officer in question ""got scared"" or was ""choking,"" a slang term for failing under pressure."	cnn.it	buzzfeed
1206	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/23/just-u-s-officials-investigating-trump-campaigns-secret-ties-putins-kremlin/	mixture of true and false	" Congressional leaders and intelligence officials are investigating whether one of DonaldTrump foreign policy advisershas opened up private communications with high-level members of the Russian government, some of whom are under sanction. According to multiple sources the talks have discussed the possibility that a Trump administration would lift the economic sanctions that were imposed on Russia after its unilateral annexation of Crimea in 2014, an international crime that Trump has refused to even acknowledge. The Trump adviser, Carter Page, is a former Merrill Lynch investment banker in Moscow who now runs a New York-based consulting firm, Global Energy Capital, that specializes in oil and gas deals with Russia and is located around the block fromTrump office in New York. Page was first identified by Mr. Trump in March as a member of his ?foreign policy team,? which is a motley crew of neoconservative oil men, Lebanese fascists, and imperial proconsuls from Iraq. He has since become one ofTrump most prominent foreign policy spokesmen, although the campaign maintains that he is not officially on the bankroll. Page has extensive financial interests in Russia, notably in Gazprom, the state-run oil and gas giant, and Rosneft, thenation leading private oil company. He has frequently visited Moscow for meetings with high-level officials at the Kremlin and in Rosneft, and has been ?a brazen apologist for anything Moscow did? according to a U.S. diplomat in Russia. Under particular scrutiny isPage trip to Moscow this July, when he met with Igor Sechin, a long-time Putin adviser and former deputy Prime Minister who is now the head of Rosneft and is currently under sanction by the United States government. According to numerous US officials in Moscow, Page discussed with Sechin ways to lift the American sanctions, a cause that is close toPage heart ? and his wallet. Last March he told Bloomberg News that ?so many people I work with have been adversely affected by the sanctions policy? and said that there was ?a lot of excitement in terms of the possibilities for creating a better situation.? On that summer trip Page reportedly also met with Igor Devykin, theKremlin deputy chief of internal policy who is believed by U.S. officials to be the official responsible forRussia campaign of meddling in the American election. Indeed the original impetus for investigating Page came from the Congressional investigation intoRussia cyberattacks on the Democratic National Committee and on voter databases in Arizona and Illinois. While the Democratic leaders of the House and Senate intelligence committees have ?concluded that the Russian intelligence agencies are making a serious and concerted effort to influence the U.S. election? that ?could only come from senior levels of the Russian government,?Trump usual chauvinistic bravado has been totally absent in the face of this unprecedented meddling in American democracy by a foreign power. Indeed he has denied that Russia was even responsible.Trump evasiveness on the issue is part of a long pattern of scandalous pandering to the Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, from calling him a ?better leader? than President Obama to promising to hand over the Baltic States to the Kremlin and going on Russian state TV to criticize American foreign policy.Trump traitorous appeasement of Putin, and the shocking monetary ties between his campaign and the inner circle of Russian oligarchs have already received some scrutiny ? albeit far less than they should ? in the American press. In CarterPage Moscow meetings, however, we may finally have the smoking gun implicatingTrump campaign ? or at least those close to him ? in a traitorous plot with the despotic Russian government. The bombshell revelations that show Trump has received ?hundreds of millions? of dollars from Russian oligarchs makes it clear why both sides would be interested in repealing the sanctions. Could Russia be plotting withTrump associates to influence the election in favor of the Donald, placing a Kremlin lackey in the White House who will lift sanctions in exchange for an economic windfall for his neoconservative cronies? Why else would his top foreign policy adviser promise a blacklisted Kremlin official to do what he can to end the sanctions and meet with the Russian intelligence official specifically tasked with influencing the American election? Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
441	http://cnn.it/2dfb88w	mostly true	" Customs and Border Protection officers put information about Ahmad Khan Rahami into a shared law enforcement agency database and sent a notice about him after interviewing Rahami at the airport when he returned from a year-long trip to Pakistan and Afghanistan in 2014, a US law enforcement official told CNN Tuesday. Rahami was flagged for secondary screening when he came back from the trip. It was not the first time Customs and Border Protection agents had pulled him aside for extra scrutiny after traveling to that region. The official said the information he provided about visiting his family was put into a database that can be accessed by other law enforcement agencies, noting this is routine procedure. Additionally, the official says Customs and Border Protection sent a report about Rahami to the FBI and other agencies in 2014 as someone who investigators should be aware of given his travel and the amount of time spent in areas associated with terrorist groups. A federal law enforcement official familiar with the information sent to the FBI said Rahami's information was part of a bulletin regarding a ""batch"" of people who traveled to high-risk areas. ""He was not singled out,"" the official said. Read More"	cnn.it	buzzfeed
597	http://cnn.it/2dtjXLP	mostly true	" Debate stages have long doubled as presidential burial grounds. With a few sharp lines, an acid quip, or just a well-timed nod, the candidates can do more to unravel their opponents than in a hundred speeches or television commercials. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have made no secret of their disdain for each another. But on Monday night, there will be no safety net and nowhere to hide -- just two people on stage and, as some analysts believe, 100 million more watching their every move. Here are some of the most devastating lines in presidential debate history -- will Trump or Clinton need to be added to this list? Reagan rolls Carter The incumbent President Jimmy Carter wanted to talk about Ronald Reagan's work as governor of California. But Reagan had heard enough -- and bet that voters felt the same way. As Carter finished a long point with a comment on his opponent's ""typical"" positions, Reagan stepped in with four words: ""There you go again."" Obama mocks Mitt Mitt Romney had been hammering President Barack Obama for having downsized parts of the armed forces. But Obama turned it around on his 2012 challenger, mocking and painting him as out of touch with modern foreign policy questions. On the question of the smaller number of Naval ships, Obama said: ""Well, Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets, because the nature of our military's changed. We have these things called aircraft carriers, where planes land on them. We have these ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines."" A killer joke In 1984, Reagan sent Republicans into a panic with a garbled opening debate performance against Walter Mondale. The Baltimore Sun's Henry Trewhitt asked if the President's age would keep him from being able to do the job. Here is Reagan's cheeky response, which Mondale would later describe as having effectively ended the race: ""Not at all. And, Mr. Trewhitt, I want you to know also I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit for political purposes my opponent's youth and inexperience."" Lloyd Bentsen knew Jack Kennedy, then he owned Dan Quayle You can see it about 15 seconds into the clip. Vice presidential candidate Sen. Lloyd Bentsen's brow shoots up as Dan Quayle, George H.W. Bush's 1988 running mate, answers a question about his relative inexperience, saying, ""I have as much experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did when he sought the presidency."" Bentsen fired back: ""Senator, I served with Jack Kennedy. I knew Jack Kennedy. Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy."" Mondale buries the ""hatchet man"" Before he was a warmly remembered war hero who lost his own presidential race in a 1996 landslide to Bill Clinton, Bob Dole had a different kind of notoriety. During a 1976 vice presidential debate with Walter Mondale, he showed why. Asked if Watergate, and then President Gerald Ford's pardon of Richard Nixon, were off-limits, Dole launched into a long rant essentially blaming ""Democrat wars"" for killing millions of Americans. Mondale hit back with one line: ""I think Sen. Dole has richly earned his reputation as a hatchet man tonight."" Perot sets himself apart With his Texas twang, Ross Perot made a serious dent in the 1992 presidential race. Here he underlines why his lack of experience in government was going to be a political asset: ""I don't have any experience in running up a $4 trillion debt. I don't have any experience in gridlock government, where nobody takes responsibility for anything and everybody blames everybody else. I don't have any experience in creating the worst public school system in the industrialized world, the most violent crime-ridden society in the industrialized world. But I do have a lot of experience in getting things done."" Lincoln prints and publishes his debate zingers Abraham Lincoln and Steven A. Douglas square off in a cartoon titled, ""The undecided political prize fight"" (1860) Though the words were spoken during one of their celebrated 1858 Senate debates, Abraham Lincoln was so pleased with his performance against Stephen A. Douglas, he took the transcripts (which he edited, liberally, on his own) and published them in a book before their 1860 presidential rematch. In arguing that Douglas was using a flimsy principle as a bogus pretext for spreading slavery nationwide, Lincoln mockingly asked what remained of the substance of his rival's position: ""Has it not got down as thin as the homeopathic soup that was made by boiling the shadow of a pigeon that had starved to death?"" Gore questions (the first) Bush's resume Al Gore was running for vice president in 1992, but that didn't mean he wasn't aiming high. Here is the shot he took at George H.W. Bush, who had sought to attach his record to that of his former boss Reagan, during a three-way debate with Dan Quayle and Adm. James Stockdale: ""George Bush taking credit for the Berlin Wall coming down is like the rooster taking credit for the sunrise."" Bush shakes off Gore Sometimes, words are unnecessary. At 11:58 in this clip, early on in his debate with Al Gore, George W. Bush responds to the vice president's ill-timed stroll and apparent attempt to intimidate him with a simple -- but devastating -- silent shake of his head."	cnn.it	buzzfeed
1218	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/27/hillary-accused-trump-calling-climate-change-chinese-hoax/	mostly true	" Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton knows her facts, and duringtonight debate she busted Trump for his ludicrous tweet calling climate change a hoax by the Chinese. Whileit true that China is a major coal user, America still relies on tons of the dirty stuff, sowe all in this together. When Hillary Clinton first slammedTrump non-scientific pseudo nonsense, so Politifact rated it as ?mostly true?: Trump has repeatedly called climate change a hoaxin speeches, tweets and media appearances, and while hehasn necessarily repeated the charge that China inventedclimate change, he has said as recently as Jan. 18, 2016, that action on climate change ?is done for the benefit of China.? He also referred to it with a profanity. Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air ? not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense. ? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2014 Climate change is the number one existential fight that not only America faces, but that the world faces. Tonight, it only rated a single mention, and only because the Republican Party has been living in an alternate universe like the Trump Train on this issue for years, while seas are rising and the planet warms.It just another reason to vote Blue in November, if you care about the planet and our species? continued survival. Hillary called out Trump for his madness. He lied. Trump DID call #ClimateChange a Chinese hoax! Grant Stern (@grantstern) September 27, 2016 Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1226	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/27/hillary-just-used-trumps-words-fact-check-debate/	mostly true	" Democratic nominee HillaryClinton media team went to work tonight on Donald Trump and the torrent of offensive statements, lies, and delusions that he said duringtonight debate. Cataloging all of the most egregious offenses,it a laundry list of reasons ? any one of which should be a disqualifier ? of why Trump would be a catastrophe as the President of the United States. 1.Trump mocked former Miss Universe AliciaMachado weight and heritage, calling her names like ?Miss Housekeeping? and ?Miss Piggy.? Huffington Post, May 23, 2016 2. Donald Trump: ?Pregnancy isnever?s a wonderful thing for the woman.It a wonderful thing for the husband.It certainly an inconvenience for abusiness whether people want to say that or not, the fact is it is an inconvenience for a person that is running a business.?NBC Dateline, October 2004 3. Donald Trump: ?When I look at myself in the first grade and I look at myself now,I basically thesame temperament is not that different.? 4. On invading Iraq: Howard Stern: ? Are you for invading Iraq? ? Donald Trump: ? Yeah, I guess so. You know, I wish the first time it was done correctly.? 5. In the 1970s,Trump real estate company was sued by the Department of Justice for discriminating against minority applicants in both New York andVirginia New York, their applications were marked Cfor colored. The Washington Post, January 23, 2016 6. Trump falsely accused Hillary Clinton of starting the birtherrumors about President Obama. He promoted the conspiracy for years after his campaign says he endedit. Slate, September 16, 2016 7. Trump is wildly misleading when he says violent crime is on the rise. CNN Politics, September 24, 2016 8. Trump claimshe the ?law and order? candidate, but he opposes gun-free zones and supports Americans owning assault weapons. CNN Politics, June 20, 2016 9. Part of a history of stiffing his contractors, Trump refused to pay an architect what he was owed after designing the clubhouse for one ofTrump golf courses. Trump offered just one-sixth the original invoice, and then bullied him with a ?take-it oryou have to sue me? approach. USA Today, July 13, 2016 10. In the words of his campaign manager, Trump ?built a lot of his business on the backs of the little guy? and has a history of ?not paying contractors after [they have helped him] build something.? CNN Newsroom with Carol Costello, February 10 11. Trump regularly lies and misleads when it comes to HillaryClinton emails. Independent fact checkers, 2015-2016 12. Trump has repeatedly refused to release his tax returns, breaking a decades-long precedent of transparency for presidential nominees. Washington Post, September 15, 2016 13. Donald Trump saidhe doing ?almost 120 deals? outside the U.S., but since hehasn released his tax returns wedon know with who or for what. Washington Post, March 3, 2016 14. Donald Trump is proposing a tax plan with a ?Trump Loophole? that gives the wealthy a backdoor tax cut, establishing a 15% rate for business owners like Donald Trump. CNBC, August 9, 2016 15. Trump likes to say that Hillary Clinton will raise your taxes with a ?very substantial increase.? But her plan will not raise taxes for anyone making less than $250,000 a year. 16.Trump economic plans will add $5.3 trillion to the national debt, according to a non-partisan analysis. TIME, September 21, 2016 17. According to a nonpartisan analysis, DonaldTrump plans would cost the economy 3.5 million jobs. HillaryClinton would create 10 million jobs. CNN Money, July 29, 2016 Donald Trump: ?I sort of hope that happens because then people like me would go in and buy.? Trump University Audiobook, 2006 18. On whether the housing market would crash:Donald Trump: ?I sort of hope that happens because then people like me would go in and buy.? 19. On Libyan intervention: Trump: ?Now we should go in, we should stop this guy, which would be very easy and very quick. We could do it surgically, stop him from doing it, and save these lives. This is absolutely nuts. Wedon want to get involved andyou gonna end up with something likeyou never seen before.? From the Desk of Donald Trump, February 28, 2011 20. Donald Trump: ?I think that putting a wife to work is a very dangerous thing.? 21. Trump said that Hillary Clinton wants to create ?totally open borders,? a claim Politifact rated ?false.? Politifact, June 23, 2016 22. Trump likes to say that Hillary Clinton is the founder of ISIS.She not. (And neither is Barack Obama.) Poltico, September 25, 2016 Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1225	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/27/trump-said-obama-gave-iran-150-billion-gave-nothing/	mostly true	" Democratic President Barack Obama pulled off a historic diplomatic coup when he engineered an accord with Iran to freeze their nuclear program for ten years in exchange for lifting the sanctions that had been strangling their economy. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton engineered the tough economic sanctions that dragged Iran to the negotiating table after ex-Vice President Dick Cheney rebuffed their efforts at negotiation, convincing countries like China and Russia to act in unison with the United States and against their own short term business interests. It was a major diplomatic accomplishment and made our world safer. Did Trump just say US gave Iran $150 billion? Did I really hear that? ? Arash Karami (@thekarami) September 27, 2016 Republican nominee Donald Trump keeps spewing complete fabrications about the Iran accords which President Obama concluded at the start of this year. He started by repeating the lie Fox News planted about America paying $400 million dollars ofIran own cash back to them, at the conclusion of the agreements. It was money America owed Iran under a legal agreement. The State Department returned $400 million to the Iranian government, but it was money that we owed them. Wedidn givethem anything. In the 1970s, the United States made a deal to sell $400 million of fighter jets to the Shah of Iran. The Shah paid upfront but was then deposed in the Iranian revolution, so the United States never delivered the jets. As part of the nuclear disarmament deal, the Iranian government simple wanted their money back if weweren going to cough up the jets. InTrump mind, that money inflated to $150 billion. Cash to paid to Iran as part of the lifting of sanctions rises from $400million to $1.5 billion to $150 billion according to Trump. #debates ? Albert Rapacioli (@speedlinefoto) September 27, 2016 Bingo! Trump's Iran cash lie. Much debunked. ? Sarah Reese Jones (@PoliticusSarah) September 27, 2016 Not only has the Republican nominee devoted most of his false statements about Iran to lying, he thinksit a great idea to start a needless war, with a country whose help we need to settle the disastrous Syrian Civil War.That when Hillary Clinton blew Trump out of the water for his empty threats about Iran which either look horrifically weak, or are calculated to start a war which would cost Americans dearly in blood and treasure, all to satisfy the outsize ego of a Republican that no sane voter should choose in November. #Debates2016 Clinton- Trump said he'd blow Iran boaters out of water & start another war. Trumps casual attitude about nuclear weapons. ? Susan Maylone (@SusanMaylone) September 27, 2016 But Trumpwasn content to leave a couple of lies alone, and went all the way out into his own Republican echo-chamber to land a Ben Carson sized fake zinger, claiming that North Korea is somehow controlled by Iran. Which is absurd. Trump: ?Iran has power over North Korea.? What? #debates ? Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) September 27, 2016 Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1164	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/20/skittles-officially-slams-trump-jr-comparing-refugees-posioned-skittles/	mostly true	" Donald Trump Jr. has jammed his foot squarely in his mouth once again, with a particularly offensive tweet which compared Syrian refugees fleeing chlorine gas and napalm to ?poisoned Skittles.? This image says it all.Let end the politically correct agenda thatdoesn put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN ? Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 19, 2016Let be very clear. The United States does not have a Syrian refugee problem. Our nation has accepted ten thousand refugees from Syria, a paltry number of the 4.6 milion Syrians that have been displaced by the horrifying violence of the Syrian Civil War. None of them have been connected to any domestic terrorist attacks in the United States, all of which have been committed by naturalized citizens, but the Donald Trump campaign continues to demonize these desperate people trying to escape the appalling bloodshed in their homeland. As NPR noted, ?the odds of being killed by a refugee in a terrorist attack are about 1 in more than 3.6 billion, according to a recent Cato Institute study.? The company which makes Skittles,Wrigley, reached out to Hollywood reporter Seth Abramovitch with this epic response, which really says it all. For the so-called party of ?family values? to be fear-mongering over women and children running for their lives is the height of hypocrisy.We like to see a self-entitled dandy like Donald Trump Jr. walk a day in their shoes.Here the somber reality of the situation: Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
449	http://cnn.it/2dgpDc1	mostly true	" Donald Trump Jr., the candidate's eldest child, emerged early on as one of his father's most ferocious advocates and polished surrogates. But the shine is coming off after a series of damaging missteps -- the latest coming when he likened Syrian refugees to Skittles candy. Trump Jr.'s lightly filtered Twitter account has at times appeared to be a clearinghouse for particularly unsavory media and commentary. On Tuesday, for instance, he retweeted a Breitbart story titled, ""Europe's Rape Epidemic: Western Women Will Be Sacrificed At The Altar Of Mass Migration."" Here are a few the son's latest stumbles: Compared Syrian refugees to Skittles ""If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you. Would you take a handful? That's our Syrian refugee problem."" At least, that's how Donald Jr., among others , would describe it. This image says it all. Let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN ? Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 19, 2016 While many Trump supporters offered their support, the tweet provoked a broader backlash. Mars Candy eventually chimed in to distance themselves from the message. ""Skittles are candy; refugees are people,"" the company said in a statement. ""It's an inappropriate analogy. We respectfully refrain from further comment, as that could be misinterpreted as marketing."" JUST WATCHED Donald Trump Jr. compares Syrian refugees to Skittles Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Donald Trump Jr. compares Syrian refugees to Skittles 01:00 The moral question aside, Washington Post reporter Philip Bump pointed out a math problem. According to a recent Cato Institute report , the odds ""that an American would be killed in a terrorist attack committed by a refugee was 1 in 3.64 billion a year."" As Bump explains, the tweet could -- with the framing only slightly altered -- be interpreted as an argument for letting in more refugees. Still, the campaign insists Trump Jr. has been ""a tremendous asset"" all the way through. ""Speaking the truth might upset those who would rather be politically correct than safe,"" Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller told CNN in an email. ""But the American people want a change, and only Donald Trump will do what's needed to protect us."" Gave a new reason why Trump hasn't shared his taxes Donald Trump is on track to be the first modern presidential candidate withhold his tax information. The candidate and the campaign have for months said their reason for keeping a lid on the returns was an ongoing audit. But in an interview last week with the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review , Trump Jr. gave a very different explanation. The decision was made, he said, because Trump has ""got a 12,000-page tax return that would create ... financial auditors out of every person in the country,"" and have them ""asking questions that would distract from (his father's) main message."" While there is no law preventing Trump from making the returns public, audit or not, Trump Jr.'s comment reflected what critics have been saying for months: that this is and always has been a political calculation. 'Gas chamber' reference Complaining about media coverage is part of almost every campaign's playbook. References to ""the gas chamber"" are not. During an interview with Philadelphia-based conservative talk radio host Chris Stigall, he first described the press as the Clinton campaign's ""number one surrogate."" But then, this: ""They've let her slide on every indiscrepancy (sic), on every lie, on every DNC game trying to get Bernie Sanders out of the thing. I mean, if Republicans were doing that, they'd be warming up the gas chamber right now. It's a very different system -- there's nothing fair about it."" The campaign denied that Trump Jr. was making a Holocaust reference -- the Nazis used gas chambers as a tool of their World War II-era genocide -- and that the comment, a bit of hyperbole, was really about capital punishment more generally. ""The liberal, dishonest media is so quick to attack one of the Trumps that they never let the truth get in the way of a good smear,"" Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement. The Anti-Defamation League, a prominent Jewish advocacy group, was less sure. ""Trivialization of the Holocaust and gas chambers is NEVER okay,"" they tweeted at Trump Jr. .@DonaldJTrumpJr: Trivialization of the Holocaust and gas chambers is NEVER okay. ? ADL (@ADL_National) September 15, 2016 Clinton's campaign was especially biting, turning its response into an attack on Trump the candidate, with chairman John Podesta saying the son's language is ""probably pretty consistent with the type of rhetoric he heard around the house growing up."" Posting image of alt-right mascot 'Pepe the Frog' with Trump As Clinton was feeling the fallout from her ""basket of deplorables"" comment -- in which she initially suggested that half of Trump's supporters fit in a group composed of the ""racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic, you name it"" -- Trump Jr. made headlines with a controversial Instagram post. The photoshop composition featured his father leading a band of ""deplorables,"" with political allies and the cartoon ""Pepe the Frog"" by his side. What Trump Jr. later said he did not know, was that ""Pepe"" has been appropriated as a mascot and preferred meme of the white supremacist alt-right movement. Asked about the post by ABC News on Sunday, Trump Jr. pleaded ignorance. ""I've never even heard of Pepe the Frog,"" he said. ""I had no idea there was any connotation there."" Promotes anti-Clinton conspiracies His father's feed might get more attention, but Trump Jr. is just as active -- and sometimes more controversial. He often retweets the actor James Woods, who frequently shares suspect anti-Clinton media. ""What is wrong with her?"" Woods asked in a recent tweet, shared by Trump Jr., that quoted another user who wrote: ""BREAKING!!! Collapsing Hillary Clinton Heavily Sedated as she responds to Donald Trump comment & #Chelsea !! #Valium"" What is wrong with her? //t.co/VErndznK3D ? James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) September 18, 2016 After a recent NBC News forum, Trump Jr. retweeted a post from right wing radio host John Cardillo, who was among the conspiracy theorists saying Clinton had been wearing an earpiece during the event. Well look at that. Last night #CrookedHillary gets caught with #HillarysEarPiece. Today a new ear covering hairdo. pic.twitter.com/tdw2MuIk0P ? John Cardillo (@johncardillo) September 8, 2016 ""Well look at that,"" Cardillo wrote. ""Last night #CrookedHillary gets caught with #HillarysEarPiece. Today a new ear covering hairdo."" Shared some choice thoughts on a 'herd of mothers' A look back at Trump Jr. in the pre-campaign days yielded some tasteless commentary on motherhood and a family employee. ""Ever notice that if u get a herd of mothers together they aren't physically capable of talking about anything but birth pregnancy & diapers?"" he asked in July 2011. Ever notice that if u get a herd of mothers together they arent physically capable of talking about anything but birth pregnancy & diapers? ? Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 31, 2011 About a year later, he offered this gem on the devotion of a particular employee, who Trump Jr. said skipped a family wedding to be at work. At dinner w our greenskeeper who missed his sister's wedding 2 work (luv loyalty 2 us) ""No big deal hopefully she'll have another someday"";) ? Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 22, 2012 ""At dinner w our greenskeeper who missed his sister's wedding 2 work (luv loyalty 2 us) ""No big deal hopefully she'll have another someday"";)"" Trump Jr. tweeted."	cnn.it	buzzfeed
1229	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/27/nypd-defiantly-live-fact-checked-trumps-stop-frisk-lies-debate/	mixture of true and false	" Donald Trump, the supposed ?law and order? candidate, painted a very bleak picture of what life in the ?inner cities? was like. ?We have a situation where we have inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics are living in hell becauseit so dangerous? said the Republican nominee a few hours earlier. He cited former New York Mayor RudyGiuliani unconstitutional and discriminatory ?stop-and-frisk? policy as a solution for crime in urban centers. But his accountdidn match up with the facts, and he was called out by the police department in his own city for his blatant falsehoods and the implication that the NYPDisn good at their jobs. The Assistant Commissioner for Communication & Public Information of the NYPD, J. Peter Donald, fact-checked Trump during the debate, and has this to say about the racistRepublican proposals to reinstate stop-and-frisk after it was ended by Mayor Bloomberg in 2011: Trump is trying to position himself as ?tough on crime? but the reality is his proposals are nothing but dog-whistles for his racist white supremacist followers. Not only was ?stop-and-frisk? ineffective, it was very obviously discriminatory against minorities ? and after it was ended, crime drastically decreased thanks to new reforms in policing techniques. Trump is trying to sell the American people an apocalyptic vision of America that justdoesn exist ? and the policemen whose supporthe courtingaren buying it either. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1192	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/22/trump-stole-120000-charity-pay-fancy-dinner-salma-hayek/	mostly true	" DonaldTrump charity non-profit Trump Foundation does not exist for its stated purpose of helping those in need, unless one believes Trump himself is among the needy. Yes, Trump was so desperately in need he used the TrumpFoundation funds to purchase himself a lunch with a Hollywood actress. In 2008, Trump was a guest at a Gucci charity auction where he had an opportunity to bid on something he found too irresistible to pass up: a trip to France which included lunch with Salma Hayek which would take place in the husband of Hayek billionaireFran-HenriPinault vineyard. Comedian Chris Rock was hosting the auction and said the auction included ?Salma Hayek and her breasts?, which was like blood in the water for Trump. He feverishly bid on the potential meeting all the way up to the tune of $120,000 of the TrumpFoundation money. Surely a ritzy meal in abillionaire vineyard was the best way for Trump to help the needy. Trump bidding on the auction trip with thefoundation money very likely violated a non-profit law which prohibits ?self-dealing? as 501c3 organizations are required to disclose any use of money to purchase gifts for anorganization executives.Trump campaign says he did not personally take the trip, but could also not offer an elaboration as to who did actually take the trip to France. Even if Trump had given the trip to a family member, he would still be in violation. For her part Hayek, while a guest on ?Jimmy Kimmel Live? on March 30, 2016, said she and Trump have known each other for many years but did not state when they first met. She went on to callTrump politics madnessand wondered why so many individuals are supporting him. In later media appearances, Hayak was not nearly as charitable about Donald Trump. While a guest on ?The Late Late Show With James Corden? on August 4, 2016 Hayak said of Trump, ?We have a first-grade boy running for President of the United States.? Hayek has not been quiet about Trump ?s hateful rhetoric but she gave him points for showing the world racism still exists. While being interviewed on ?America with Jorge Ramos? on August 6, 2016 Hayak said, ?The good thing about what Trump did is thatit shown a light to the level of the problem of racism.? It is safe to say that during their years of knowing one another Hayek has had enough ofTrump sub-human personality, and if the two were to meet and converse in the future it would be a terse conversation. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1209	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/26/trump-tried-visit-civil-rights-museum-happened-next-awesome/	mostly true	" DonaldTrump efforts to attract any kind of support from the African-American community has not gone well. After blatantly whitewashing four hundred years of oppression and enslavement by telling American blacks thatthey ?never had it worse? and then telling his supporters that the police brutality protests in Charlotte were due to ?drugs,?Trump campaign tried to visit a civil rights museum in North Carolina to for a cheap photo-op ? butcouldn even muster the effort to pretend to be sincere about it, and he was resoundingly denied: ?We did not honor the request of the Donald Trump team because we thought they demonstrated, in their approach was disrespectful? said the co-founder of the International Civil Rights Center and Museum, Earl Jones. ?The approach, the type of disrespect, pretty much a demand and bullying us to use the museum in their manner and their way in their time, it was inappropriate and I thinkit probably reflective of the type of insensitivity of civil rights and human rightsthat reflective from Trump over the years.? Jones complained thatTrump staff was aggressiveand ?rude,? and thatTrump camp apparently demanded that they close the museum for five hours to accommodate him. ?We have equal treatment for everyone coming to the museum and we welcome everyone to the museum but we are not going to allow the museum to be used for political gain.? Whileit not a surprise to learn that the members of the Trump campaign are rude, pretentious scumbags,it truly illuminating just how deep racism and self-entitlement runs through every level of the ?Trump Train.? We applaud Mr. Jones and jeer atTrump people for being entirely incapable of pretending to care about the African-American community. His insistence that blacks have ?never had it worse? implies that they had it better under slavery and Jim Crow, which is a white supremacist line of thought to the core. How any black American could support Trump is beyond comprehension. Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed
1158	http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/19/just-trump-exploits-nyc-bombing-call-rolling-back-freedom-press/	mostly true	" During a Fox and Friends interview Monday morning to talk about the NYC bombings, Donald Trump came dangerously close to suggesting unheard of levels of censorship. Trump asserted that the the biggest obstacle towards stopping terrorism at home is the first amendment and the lax attitude surrounding freedom of the press. Referring to jihadi propaganda, the Donald said: ?They?re all talking about it so wonderfully because, you know,it called ?freedom of the press,? where you buy magazines and they tell you how to make these same bombs that I saw. They tell you how to make bombs. We should arrest the people that do that becausethey participating in crime. Instead they say ?oh no youcan do anything,that freedom of expression.? Of course, this is wild conjecture. There is no way Donald Trump has absolutely any idea why the New York bomber decided to build these bombs, the information for which is easily found in a cursory Google search, which has nothing to do with how that possibly relates to the print newsmedia freedom of expression, whichhe criticized on numerous occasions. The type of publications that would even contain this kind of information ?we assuminghe referring to the Daeshi magazine, Dabiq ? are diligently hunted down and taken off the website by counterterror forces. But the most terrifying aspect of this line of thinking, is how casually it could use the ?boogeyman of terrorism? to make freedom of speech disposable, setting a dangerous precedent that could be expanded to censor any kind of dissenting opinion. Trump, has long demonstrated his disdain for the press, and has a chilling history that suggests he would be open to embracing unconstitutional censorship. Trump has praised the leadership of Russia, admiring its strengthdespite its history of censorship and human rights abuses including state control of the media and regular murder of dissident journalists. Back in August, he took to Twitter and railed against ?the corrupt media? and freedom of the press for having the audacity to look into his personal life and to dig up the skeletons in his closet. Although Trump has never actually revealed what he would do to address this grievance with the press, his comments underscore a grim future ahead for America if he is elected. Trump has taken every opportunity to criticize and attempt to discredit anyone that disagrees with him in any way, leaving behind a trail of journalists and citizens fed up with appalling lack of regard to the First Amendment and the founding principles of our nation.Here the full interview with Fox & Friends: Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on thePresident crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"	occupydemocrats.com	buzzfeed