918	http://eaglerising.com/37013/kiss-bassist-gene-simmons-on-how-to-stop-islamic-terrorism-profile-video/	mtrue	"?[Ahmad Khan Rahami] should go to jail and besomebody girlfriend.? ? Rock Legend Gene Simmons commenting on recent NY/NJ bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami Hall of Fame rock legend Gene Simmons made a name for himself playing the bass guitar and singing for the pop-rock band KISS. In more recent yearshe been a reality TV star, a cultural icon, and an outspoken defender of the free market system and personal liberty. The combination of these things has made Simmons marketing gold among more conservative NASCAR loving, flag waving Americans. The folks at TMZ recently ran into Simmons in the airport security line and asked him for his thoughts on the recent bombings. Simmons told TMZ that he thought the Muslim terrorist bomber, Rahami, ?should go to jail and besomebody girlfriend.? Ouch. TMZ then asked Simmons how he would solve the problem of Islamic terrorism in America, to which Simmons replied, rather politically incorrectly, that we needed to do more profiling. ?Nobody says the word ?profile.? Everyone needs to get smart.I ok with profiling. I want you to stop me first. I want you to stop me because I look a certain way. And ifI clear, then profile someone else.It emergency powers during war.There a war going on.? But what about the people who were being unfairlyprofiled, TMZ wondered. Simmons held nothing back in his perfect response. ?It is unfair.That why the words ?too bad? exists.? BOOM. Thank you for being awesome, Mr. Simmons. Maybe when Donald Trump gets elected Presidenthe consider making Gene Simmons the director of Homeland Security? Ooh, and then KISS could play at all of the White House State functions! Hey, I can dream,can I? The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"	eaglerising.com	buzzfeed1657	http://politi.co/2dgO48X	mtrue	"?Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay,"" Hillary Clinton said. | Getty Clinton postpones trip to Charlotte Hillary Clinton's campaign announced late Friday that it was postponing a trip by the Democratic nominee to Charlotte scheduled for Sunday. ""After further discussion with community leaders, we have decided to postpone Sunday's trip as not to impact the City's resources,"" Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri wrote in a statement. ""She will plan to visit Charlotte next Sunday, provided circumstances allow."" Story Continued Below The rescheduling comes after Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts made a public plea to Clinton and Donald Trump to delay any campaign trips to the city in light of their ""very stressed resources."" Clinton's campaign had announced the trip earlier Friday. Palmieri added: ""Her prayers are with the people of Charlotte during these difficult times."" Donald Trump wasted no time in responding to Clinton's reversal on social media, accusing his opponent of trying to ""grandstand"" and calling her initial decision to go to Charlotte ""dumb."" ""Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!"" the Republican nominee tweeted late Friday. Trump was reportedly considering traveling to Charlotte next week following the presidential debate Monday, but has not elaborated on those plans. He incorrectly identified Clinton's initial trip as scheduled for Saturday. Protests have erupted in Charlotte since Keith Lamont Scott was shot dead by police Tuesday afternoon. The outcry over yet another officer-involved killing of a black person, days after an officer in Tulsa, Oklahoma, shot and killed Terence Crutcher, who was unarmed and had his hands up when he was fatally struck, turned violent late Wednesday into Thursday morning, prompting North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory to issue a state of emergency. Earlier Friday, the Democratic presidential nominee called on police to release the video of the shooting ? afterScott family had released its own cellphone video recorded byScott wife, Rakeyia Scott. ?Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice & work to bridge divides,? she wrote on Twitter, signing her message with ?-H? to denote it came from her, not her campaign."	politi.co	buzzfeed1427	http://politi.co/2cEsAnL	mtrue	"?Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years,? Donald Trump tweets. | AP Photo Trump hits Clinton on Islamic State: ?It is time for change? Donald Trump called for a change Tuesday in how the U.S. handles the terror threat of the Islamic State, a shift away from President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's policies. ?Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years,? Trump tweeted Tuesday morning. ?Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.? Story Continued Below Following a series of planted bombs in New York and New Jersey over the weekend and a stabbing in Minnesota, Trump on Monday hammered Clinton on her record amid increasing concerns regarding the terrorist network and the threat of domestic attacks. The real estate mogul again blamed Clinton and Obama for refusing to utter the words ?radical Islamic terrorism? and accused them of emboldening terrorists across the globe. ?Today, Hillary Clinton showed again that she will say anything ? and blame anyone ? to shift attention away from the weakness she showed as Secretary of State,? he said in a statement Monday, adding that terrorists are ?hoping and praying that Hillary Clinton becomes President so that they can continue their savagery and murder.? Trump vowed to ?bring an end to these senseless acts of violence? and condemned the White House, whose spokesman referred to the battle against the Islamic State as a ?narrative fight.? ?They are wrong to say thatwe in a fight about ?narratives,?? Trump said. ?These terrorists pose an existential threat to our country, our values, and our way of life.?"	politi.co	buzzfeed1375	http://politi.co/2cy3lkZ	mtrue	"?For the U.S. troops in Iraq and Syria who are on the front lines against ISIS,it a real fight wherewe lost real lives,? Donald Trump's senior communications adviser Jason Miller says. | POLITICO Screen grab Trump's camp accuses Obama aide of downplaying terror threat DonaldTrump campaign on Monday hit back at the WhiteHouse characterization that the U.S. is in a ?narrative fight? with the Islamic State, insisting ?we should all be very concerned? by the Obamaadministration assessment. ?For the U.S. troops in Iraq and Syria who are on the front lines against ISIS,it a real fight wherewe lost real lives,? Trump senior communications adviser Jason Miller said in a statement. ?Diminishing the threat the Obama Administration has allowed to materialize on its watch puts us all at risk and is another reminder that we need new leadership in the fight against radical Islamic terrorism. Hillary Clinton has backed PresidentObama failed ISIS strategy to the hilt, and voters should know whether she too shares the WhiteHouse troubling assessment of the situation.? Story Continued Below In an interview withCNN Chris Cuomo on Monday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest pointed to the ongoing battle against the Islamic State as a ?narrative fight.? ?When it comes to ISIL, we are in a fight, a narrative fight, with them. A narrative battle,? Earnest said. ?And what ISIL wants to do is they want to project that they are an organization that is representing Islam in a fight and a war against the West, and a war against the United States. That is a bankrupt false narrative.It a mythology, and we have made progress in debunking that mythology.? During his phone interview with Fox News on Monday, Trump seemingly suggested that law enforcement officials should profile Muslims to stop terrorist attacks, a remark that came in response to the bombing in New York on Saturday that injured 29 people, and again hammered President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton for refusing to call out ?radical Islamic terrorism.? ?Here?s another element of this fight,? Earnest added. ?Wecan play into this narrative that somehow the United States or the West is against ? is fighting against the Muslim religion.?"	politi.co	buzzfeed